Replace as many u8string creations as possible with u8string_view usages.
Replace all uses of rand() with new type/thread safe C++ stuff.

Handle deleting on error cases falling back out of Mind::Send().

Restore MOB mind types ability for it's bodies to combine.

Move TBA Trigger vars to more efficient storage (token vecs?).

Implement various types of armor, weapons and damage.
Do 3-layer armor system.
Show armor/weapon/hit/miss messages in ninja display.
Translate circle armor to various armor types.
Translate circle weapons to various armor types.

Handle Multiple Weapon Types (eg: Bastard Swords).

Refine the fudging of circle MOBs' stats (Better AC Handling, Natural Armor).
Natural Armor.

Handle Remaining ROOM-* TBA Trigger Scripts:
	 1) Global       ROOM-GLOBAL
Done	 2) Random       ROOM-RANDOM
Done	 3) Command      ROOM-COMMAND
Done	 4) Speech       ROOM-SPEECH       
	 6) Zone Reset   ROOM-ZONE       
Done	 7) Enter        ROOM-ENTER        
Done	 8) Drop         ROOM-DROP       
	16) Cast         ROOM-CAST       
Done	17) Leave        ROOM-LEAVE       
	18) Door         ROOM-DOOR       

Handle Remaining OBJ-* TBA Trigger Scripts:
	 1) Global    OBJ-GLOBAL
Done	 2) Random    OBJ-RANDOM            
Done	 3) Command   OBJ-COMMAND             
	 6) Timer     OBJ-TIMER              
Done	 7) Get       OBJ-GET              
Done	 8) Drop      OBJ-DROP            
	 9) Give      OBJ-GIVE              
Done	10) Wear      OBJ-WEAR              
Done	12) Remove    OBJ-REMOVE              
	14) Load      OBJ-LOAD              
Done	17) Leave     OBJ-LEAVE              

Handle Remaining MOB-* TBA Trigger Scripts:
	 1) Global      MOB-GLOBAL              
Done	 2) Random      MOB-RANDOM          
Done	 3) Command     MOB-COMMAND           
Done	 4) Speech      MOB-SPEECH          
Done	 5) Act         MOB-ACT           
	 6) Death       MOB-DEATH          
Done	 7) Greet       MOB-GREET           
	 8) Greet-All   MOB-GREET-ALL          
	 9) Entry       MOB-ENTRY          
	10) Receive     MOB-RECEIVE          
	11) Fight       MOB-FIGHT          
	12) HitPrcnt    MOB-HITPRCNT          
	13) Bribe       MOB-BRIBE          
	14) Load        MOB-LOAD          
	15) Memory      MOB-MEMORY          
	16) Cast        MOB-CAST          
Done	17) Leave       MOB-LEAVE          
	18) Door        MOB-DOOR          

Fully understand visibility and cut messages accordingly.
Starlight vision, night vision, low-light vision, and dark vision.

Crafting (weapons, armor, tools, clothes, etc...).

Handle liquids mixing?

Implement object categories (people, weapons, creatures, axes, etc...).

Implement movement settings using skills (walk, run, explore, etc...).
Travel limitations (speed of movement, fleeing, sprinting, running).
Encumbrance.

Positional modifyers (sleeping/lying down/standing, etc...).

Curse-ditch police: Buying with cursed gold.
Curse-ditch police: Throwing a cursed ranged weapon in combat.

Are TBA keys too big/heavy?

Tell how wounded an enemy is.

Implement effects of the Cure Blindness Spell
Implement effects of the Detect Cursed Items Spell
Implement effects of the Identify Character Spell
Implement effects of the Identify Person Spell
Implement effects of the Personal Shield Spell

Implement sustained detrimental spell effect system.
	Implement effects of the Blind Spell
	Implement effects of the Distract Spell
	Implement effects of the Influence Spell
	Implement effects of the Misfortune Spell
	Implement effects of the Weaken Subject Spell

Implement sustained beneficial spell effect system.
	Implement effects of the Float Spell
	Implement effects of the Invisibility Spell
	Implement effects of the Light Spell
	Implement effects of the Luck Spell
	Implement effects of the Protection Spell
	Implement effects of the Resilience Spell
	Implement effects of the Strength Spell
	Implement effects of the Treatment Spell

Implement combat spell system.
	Implement effects of the Earthquake Spell
	Implement effects of the Fireball Spell
	Implement effects of the Fire Burst Spell
	Implement effects of the Fire Dart Spell
	Implement effects of the Force Arrow Spell
	Implement effects of the Harm Spell
	Implement effects of the Lightning Bolt Spell

Implement prayer system.

Implement other in-play magical Bonus/Penalty powers (depend on other stuff):
	Encumbrance
	Magic Force
	Youth

Get shopkeepers to unlabel their purchases.
Fix exchange system handling odd cases (including sell/buy).
Selling of containers, or not (contents -vs- container value!).
Fixup shopkeepers so item numbers NEVER expire.

Do full code constification review.

Really implement ranged combat.
Implement scabbards and quivers.

Implement All Remaining Weapon Types (Guns, etc...).
Get it to understand offhand weapon use.
Get it to understand mounted weapon use.
Implement Races, Species and Materials.
Need a way to "find" items you've hidden on yourself.
Implement Roll Object for passing complete rolls.
Handle REAL contested roll for perception/stealth in normal actions.

Cleanup item manipulation commands.
Wear/wield from own containers need auto open/close.

Cleanup the remaining Object::Send*(ALL, 0, ...) hacks.

Place circle-placed objects on back if on chest (plus other corrections).
Let "remove" command also handle unwielding?
Implement "all of " target for all within.
Implement "stuff" target.
Implement "loot" command.
Allow carrying of dying and KOed creatures.
Autowield when entering combat.

Make all plural commands see pluralized items correctly.
Consistently pluralize (or don't) skill names (fix wiki version too!).

Follower should look like he gets there after folowee to those already there.
Implement money denominations and change.
Implement item "piles" "pairs", "mixtures", etc....
Finish article substitution ("A" -> "A second", etc...).
Pick up a fight's other opponents after your target goes down without delay.
Reimplement create-in-direction (currently disabled).
Check for circle rooms with no exits and add one.
Implement real Reaction Action.
Create Real Tie-Breaker for Tied Initiative.

Implement character creation priorities.
Implement character creation resources.
Implement character creation race.
Implement character creation magic.

Make circle MOBs do more stuff.
Implement full vehicle system (small unpowered boats are done).
Implement the Rest of the Skills.
Implement reserved words ("'s", "in", "to", "at", "of", "Ninja").
See contents when you look at a nearby room (eg: "look north").
Handle LOC_ADJACENT correctly (eg: "look north").

Create "aim" command to intentionally hit certain locations.
Enable use of skills to modify combat (Martial Arts, etc...).

Implement AcidMail.
Should some CircleMOBs be given "Swimming"?
Add "bug", "request", and "concern" commands (acidmail problems to ninjas).
User management commands (delete chars, rename users?, etc...).
Implement skill-to-skill defaults (needs wiki support).
Case-Insensitive Playernames?

Add SSL support.
Add gzipped worlds save/load support.
Be sure I Handle big messages to/from users correctly.
Clean up and sort log(s).
Put telnet stuff ONLY in net.cpp.

Troll Reach.
Wake someone else up!
Settings for display on go/enter/leave.
Autostash enable/disable?
Gossip?

CHECK FIXMEs TOO!
